this is user all right, you all sign look that mean you're being works on guilt.
But engine of this family is a little guilt Motor agree with you.
I totally agree right. we're making with herself boy embedded in conceit.
Nothing going like giving yourself a survey they're in a wonderful caf.
Yes, I totally agree with you. really got a people visible.
Yes, check really with me. Yes, yeah way 3 we're all alone, living in Missouri line, though between guilt and responsibility, like feeling a responsibility towards people and feeling of guilt to make yourself do things. and I think that line is the fuzzy I
think often the guilt. strings are tongue no I haven't been thinking, Yeah, I don't know this is very massive about family.
Don't know she's right for a certain extent what to a 1,000.
I qualified, even guilt, especially if you're jewish yeah, you guys feel a little bit guilty about the way you tweeted us.
Rob me no good night or 2 days. like who's from there's. Still, you built me, and in response I feel these straight facts to guilt.
That's now a verb that's like what we said to you is yield.
You'll start building, reader, response to say mom you're Guilty? Yeah.
Putting a little coat of gold on top right let's kill me not guilty plane plane, that's it.
Mom, yes, go and play and playing stephen bye it's correct separate responsibility.
Guilty. Well, if you have no feeling of responsibility No, they don't little bit like there can be somebody feel like you have a responsibility in a case when that is not necessarily so guilt, is not the issue of the issue is a
denial of responsibility. No, no, no, you totally turn when I sit around.
There's an act in agent there who is making you feel responsible for something that you are not responsible for.
Objective phenomena must have been taken on my truck.
Could define responsibilities. Right? Okay. In most human relationships there are no defined written in monogamy is a good example.
Family situation like sit cleaning up after yourself, or doing things that you have clearly done, find as rules in this house is your responsibility.
Oh, excuse me that's it as you are our assume but never Christy.
And therefore, if it's a soup that not delineated, it does responsibility exist or not, it does.
Good, So right responsibility lost. half of us back can be either assumed athletic order.
There seem to be 3 categories. there's no responsibility. There is responsibility, but it's inarticular or a tactic.
Okay, you Say, we're not talking that's guilty i'm sorry.
We're not talking about she says oh we're not talking about guilt.
We're talking about responsibility. and denial responsibility I said, No, we're talking about somebody who makes you feel responsible for something that is not necessary, I said.
How do you know? Always want to respond Harsh statement.
Time with have any of my topic you've got to be nicer.
He wasn't a mighty chocolate Yeah, you know that was Yeah, that was your point, right right. right.
It's like when my cloudy used to say you'll be sorry when i'm dead Exactly.
But do you think she has a responsibility to be good to me?
Apocalypse 7 days the implication is that she's not good.
I disagree with You were not in the that were like at the cost of what?
Concerning to argument May, which created a rift for Buzz Day.
Turning you with grandma. They sound up here minutes wreck.
My mother. I think there is a legacy, whatever that we want, Mom says.
I pounced on her, and all I did this right.
I had it, mom? do it I didn't see what happened 10 you get back to the disagreement there about the what we're doing that or the trusting Wall, do you think that's true.
It was about the lady right. But I happen to we reminds me of all these old people in the supermarket who are standing there going.
Be sure that's 21 cents or 20 the lady specifically said to hold off with putting things on the wild.
That was getting a certain type of family. There was so many objects going on.
The was not clear for a little few minutes. There was already rock in, and what was not broken, and I did not want the lady to get it confused and ring in items.
More than once, and she specifically said not to put everything on the calendar, putting everything on the capital.
I act like a child i'm just throwing things on I was not. It was an order to how I was doing it.
One person's orders Another person's match especially if you'll find ventilated about something that did not require a breakdown, and I was quite a so I said to her a car that this language just makes me angry this
exaggerated language. What does this have to do monogamous a slip? He's like the biggest proprietor of that.
Sometimes I do with the mom around other people I tend to talk just like this little joke of things that's just thank you.
God, that's how yeah that's just coming from hyper like I said 20 times to one another's length.
So says mom, years more rack than and it's years paragraph.
So there's a more history here. that's yeah you're the kind of chimpanzee what my worries say that being would have to ask my anything don't look at me in the tall voice or yeah it's true
no came back with each other right with things didn't mean started start with that way of speaking just like Mom like I don't feel like people said that Jews said that in the nineteenth century 6 West time.